I've had but a few dreams where I die.
In this one, I was met by a man in a suit. His head was just a paper with GOD written in large black letters.
"So you're God?" I asked.
"Look at your face." He said.
As is only possible in a dream, I held my eyes in place and leaned forward to see the back of my own head. Backwards, bleeding through my paper face, the black letters read clearly: GOD.
----
"What do you think of your home?" He asked. I realized we were standing the old apartment, exactly like it was when I was a little girl.  The worn wooden floor, the crimson rug. Lucas's and my bedroom: two little beds, our toys, our books, our clothes. Everything like we had never left.
"This is incredible," I exclaimed. I felt a warmth in that moment that I've never felt before or since. All of us, together again. To be small enough that my father could carry me to bed. To read scary stories with Lucas until the sun came up. And perhaps even Mum would appear, after all this time.
I was then struck with dread, like a vein of cold blood. "Where is everyone?" I asked.
"Who?"
"My family." I said.
"Oh." He looked away as well as he could, having no eyes. "They're still alive."
----
"All of them?" I asked in shock.
"All of them."
"But that's simply impossible," I declared, "I'm the youngest by five years!"
"Of course it's possible," he said, "a grown woman should know how the world works by now."
I was flush with anger at his remark.
"Well" I huffed, "it simply isn't heaven without my family." I sat on my bed and turned away from him.
"It will come to pass soon enough." He said.
"So what? I'll have to wait until then? By myself? In this dingy hovel?" 
He said nothing.
----
I stared at the floor. What was the point of this? Why would he bring me here, alone?
"You know," he spoke, startling me, "you are God. You can choose to bring them here."
"What?"
"Your name is not merely a title. You have the powers of life and death, and the workings of the world."
I couldn't understand. "Are you suggesting I murder my own family to bring them here? How could I possibly be allowed to stay in Heaven after that?"
He held up his hands. "I am only suggesting that you have a choice," he said. "As for your other question: you are God. There is no king, no higher power, no judge nor hangman who could punish you. If I, using my powers as God, tried to harm you, you may just as easily undo the harm."
"So I really can just..."
----
I was overcome with rage.
"I know what you're doing," I screamed, "you're testing me. If I choose to take my family's lives, my soul is damned. Did I not live a virtuous enough life? Must I be taunted with this purgatory before peace?" I grabbed the fire iron (we had somehow come to the fireplace in the dining room), stabbed it through the "O" in his head, and tore across his face. He stumbled and took a knee. His head was torn nearly in half. It was bleeding.
"You are avoiding the decision." He said, touching a hand to his face, blood turning his shirt brilliant red. "No one else is here."
"Shut up! Fucking shut up!" I struck him, feeling breaking bones through the iron bar. I struck him again. As the iron came down a third time, he grabbed it and pulled me off my feet.
I woke up.